Rename parameters for consistency (#25588)
matplotlib/matplotlib: doc/api/next_api_changes/deprecations/25588-KS.rst

Method parameters renamed to match base classes
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> The only parameter of ``Transform.transform_non_affine`` in subclasses are renamed
> to *values*
> 
> The only parameter of ``Transform.transform_affine`` in subclasses are renamed to
> *values*
> 
> The parameter of ``transforms.IdentityTransform.transform`` is renamed to *values*
> 
> The parameter of ``table.Cell.set_transform`` is renamed to *t* consistently with
> `.Artist.set_transform`.
> 
> The parameters of ``axis.Axis.set_clip_path``  and ``axis.Tick.set_clip_Ppath`` are
> renamed to *path* consistently with `.Artist.set_clip_path`.
> 
> The parameter of ``images.NonUniformImage.set_filternorm`` is renamed to *filternorm*
> consistently with ```_ImageBase.set_filternorm``.
> 
> The parameter of ``images.NonUniformImage.set_filterrad`` is renamed to *filterrad*
> consistently with ```_ImageBase.set_filterrad``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The only parameter of ``transform_affine`` and ``transform_non_affine`` in ``Transform`` subclasses is renamed
to *values*.

The *points* parameter of ``transforms.IdentityTransform.transform`` is renamed to *values*.

The *trans* parameter of ``table.Cell.set_transform`` is renamed to *t* consistently with
`.Artist.set_transform`.

The *clippath* parameters of ``axis.Axis.set_clip_path``  and ``axis.Tick.set_clip_path`` are
renamed to *path* consistently with `.Artist.set_clip_path`.

The *s* parameter of ``images.NonUniformImage.set_filternorm`` is renamed to *filternorm*
consistently with ```_ImageBase.set_filternorm``.

The *s* parameter of ``images.NonUniformImage.set_filterrad`` is renamed to *filterrad*
consistently with ```_ImageBase.set_filterrad``.
```

> The parameter of ``Transform.transform_non_affine`` in subclasses are renamed to *values*

Reviewer: I would perhaps just use a single title "Method parameters in subclasses renamed to match base classes" or similar, and then list these out with the old parameter names.
